Haoran, I'm so afraid of the young master
What do we do next?
Young Master
All assets in my name have been frozen
Ouyang and Canglong's military power was also lifted
We may not be able to help you much.
Young Master
Now the power of the King of the North is expanding again and again
The whole hero is basically his world
We can't move an inch right now
We had money and power
Not yet his opponent
Don't mention it now, young master, or you should run away
A few of us pestered him
Ouyang is right
The bloodline of Tianzun must not be cut off
You are so sure that provincial Huai'an will win
Don't worry, I have my own arrangements.
Haoran
I'm afraid it's going to be a river of blood
If anything happens to me
You must be careful
Zhenbei Wang's Huai'an
I have sent the three heavenly kings to the imperial palace
If he reacts in the future
You smash the supreme horn with the supreme bone
It's his turn, sister
Hold him. This is the Supreme Horn.
The Supreme Horn is the location of extraterrestrial meteorites
Can also be smashed
Only with the Supreme Bone
Bugle broken Kyushu copper